chore: move Tests.v to test/ folder (#1753)
HoTT/Coq-HoTT: test/README.md

> # Tests
> 
> Sometimes there are some properties about the library that we would like to test
> without polluting it with examples and noisy output. Such tests are collected
> here.
> 
> Here we also collect regression tests from various issues and PRs in a
> subdirectory called `bugs/`.
> 
> ## Adding a test
> 
> To add a test, create a new .v file in this directory.
> 
> When testing properties of the library, try to keep the same directory
> structure. For instance, tests about suspensions should be in
> `Test/Homotopy/Suspension.v`.
> 
> 
> For regression tests, the file name should be `github<issue number>.v` or
> `github<PR number>.v`. For example, if you are adding a test for issue #123, the
> file name should be `github123.v` and they should be placed in `bugs/`.
> 
> 
> ## Running tests
> 
> To run the tests, simply run
> ```
> dune test
> ```
> from the root of the repository (or here).
>  

Reviewer: ````suggestion
# Tests

Sometimes there are properties of the library that we would like to test
without polluting it with examples and noisy output. Such tests are collected
here.

We also collect regression tests from various issues and PRs in a
subdirectory called `bugs/`.

## Adding a test

To add a test, create a new .v file in a subdirectory of this directory.

When testing properties of the library, use the same directory
structure. For instance, tests about suspensions should be in
`test/Homotopy/Suspension.v`.

Place regression tests in the subdirectory `bugs', using file name `github<issue number>.v`
or `github<PR number>.v`. For example, if you are adding a test for issue #123, the
file name should be `test/bugs/github123.v`.

## Running tests

To run the tests, simply run
```
dune test
```
````

Reviewer: Not sure why github doesn't display the suggestion better, but I just rephrased a bunch of things.

Author: Can you push it as a commit to this branch? The suggestion isn't commitable since it is stale now.
